>> Rodriguez: There's
a lot of random websites.
That's one of the great things about the
email community is that everybody's very
open and
willing to share what they've learned.
And the resources they've
developed over time.
So they add their stuff like that.
There's like, I think it's, have to check,
but like responsiveemailpatterns.com.
Or there's an entire GitHub repo
dedicated to accessible email resources.
So a lot of cool stuff
that people have released.
So just hunt around, Google's your friend.
The email community is super active on
Twitter too, just use #email geeks or
#email development or email marketing.
And you can find tons of
cool resources that way too.
If you have any questions
about anything we discussed,
you wanna chat about
anything email related.
Hit me up online at
jason@rodriguezcommaj.com.
Feel free to email me any time and I will
try to point you in the right direction or
answer a question.
And yeah,
help you build better email campaigns.
So with that, I'm good if you're good.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Rodriguez: Cool, thanks.